kind of it's even now oh that comes on
hundred helping we have but now it's not
even anymore all right oh good
polynomial is for Henry is
all wipe your so I gotta be cheerin
minnie you sure I'm actually seeing
what's coming in the hatch I know if I
know the jungles coming to new items are
coming else I'm gonna lane gang so you
got well how soon are you
it's not him I'm in the ball free card
there's a lotta me that I ate some
oranges it's race love Union and
releasing coke how much is gonna do
Jaffrey have guys like 21 or something
don't go ahead off their go ahead off to
go ahead off to him off oh no when Mary
it'll be 1200 yeah we do it all right
why do you came in i'm laying all right
cool hey welcome to summoners well we
are judging you very closely this game
cuz I that stuff up that's good Oh God
okay right I'd like to remind you to die
in a gold a boy player hey don't hurt no
no Michael they can actually update
especially careful i cried just like i
mean nothing Oh
yeah I know I can I can't find the
increase micro you but I those guys on
so much gangster dude how are you don't
mind starts right k toronto at the
bottom I'd understand thank you delude
is guaranteed it here o Evans Holly hold
on I'm gonna die now goodbye
shenzhen might expose oh my girl why
right by that's fire give me that Katie
okay Travis monster all right
why kalapatti mom
let's go yes yes oh that's stupid Oh
Isaac not even close baby
you